[17.0][OU-ADD] stock_account: Migration to 17.0 (#4733)
OCA/OpenUpgrade: openupgrade_scripts/scripts/stock_account/17.0.1.1/upgrade_analysis_work.txt

---Models in module 'stock_account'---
---Fields in module 'stock_account'---
stock_account / account.move.line        / cogs_origin_id (many2one)     : NEW relation: account.move.line
# DONE: post-migration: filled using display_type = 'cogs'

stock_account / stock.move               / analytic_account_line_id (many2one): DEL relation: account.analytic.line
stock_account / stock.move               / analytic_account_line_ids (many2many): NEW relation: account.analytic.line
# DONE post-migraton: m2o to m2m

stock_account / stock.valuation.layer    / categ_id (many2one)           : is now stored
# DONE: pre-migration: Add new column & set value for it

---XML records in module 'stock_account'---
NEW ir.actions.act_window: stock_account.inventory_aging_action
NEW ir.filters: stock_account.filter_invoice_inventory_valuation
# NOTHING TO DO: new feature

DEL ir.property: stock_account.property_stock_account_input_categ_id (noupdate)
DEL ir.property: stock_account.property_stock_account_output_categ_id (noupdate)

> # DONE: pos-migration: ir.model.data deleted (these properties now are created in function)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# DONE: post-migration: ir.model.data deleted to avoid deleting the default values during xmlid cleanup
```

took me a while to understand this, as they are generated by functions in both versions, but the important part is that in v16 there is an xmlid for this, in v17 there isn't
